README_VR.md, before:

# Gibson in VR

Instructions for installing Gibson and VR integration on Windows 10.
Assuming a fresh install of Windows.

These instructions partially overlap with installing Gibson
http://svl.stanford.edu/gibson2/docs/installation.html#installation-method 
but are tailored to run the VR components in Windows.


VR Station
==========

Install Steam and Steam VR, connect VR headset and base stations, set up VR room
Run steam performance test.

https://www.vive.com/eu/support/vive/category_howto/setting-up-for-the-first-time.html


Dependencies and environment:
=============================

* git 
https://git-scm.com/download/win

* Python
https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-377/

* Anaconda 
https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section

Make sure anaconda is added to the PATH as follows:
C:\Users\C\anaconda3
C:\Users\C\anaconda3\Scripts
C:\Users\C\anaconda3\Library\bin

Lack of the latter produced the following error:
HTTP 000 CONNECTION FAILED for url <https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/main/win-64/current_repodata.json> Elapsed

* Build Tools for Visual Studio:
Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 is required. Get it with "Build Tools for Visual Studio": 
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/
This is needed for bullet

* cmake:
https://cmake.org/download/
Needed for building MeshRendererContext and Pybind.

* SRAnipal (needed for eye tracking):
https://hub.vive.com/en-US/download

Download the VIVE_SRanipalInstaller msi file and install SRAnipal.

Gibson
======

* Get codebase and assets:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/fxia22/iGibson.git --recursive
$ cd iGibson
$ git checkout vr
$ git submodule update --recursive
```

After this you should have content at:
core/render/glfw
core/render/pybind11
core/render/openvr

Download Gibson assets and copy to iGibson/gibson2/assets/
Download enviroments (scenes) and copy to iGibson/gibson2/assets/dataset

* Create anaconda env:

```
$ conda create -n gibsonvr python=3.6
```
Activate conda env:
```
$ source activate gibsonvr
```

* Install Gibson in anaconda env:
```
$ cd iGibson
```
- If you followed the instructions, iGibson is at the vr branch
```
$ pip install -e .
```

Then copy and past the openvr_api.dll file from the top-level iGibson folder and put it into the iGibson/gibson2/core/render/mesh_renderer/Release folder. Also put the 5 dll files in the sranipal->bin folder into this Release folder.

Should end printing 'Successfully installed gibson2'

You can find VR tests in iGibson/test and VR demos iGibson/examples/demo

Run:

$ python vr_demo_basic.py (for a scene with simpler graphics)

or 

$ python vr_demo_rs.py (for the current state-of-the-art Gibson graphics)

To see the features of the VR software.

To use the gripper asset featured in the interaction demos, please download the 'gripper' folder at this link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-lHTtUuEgs9zzcievvvVdjHP0BdN7Du4?usp=sharing, and put it in assets/models (wherever your assets folder is).

Have fun in VR!

Helpful tips:
Press ESCAPE to force the fullscreen rendering window to close during program execution.
Before using SRAnipal eye tracking, you may want to re-calibrate the eye tracker. Please go to the Vive system settings to perform this calibration.

Commit message:

Updated VR readme to include SRAnipal and Vr hand asset

README_VR.md, after:

# Gibson in VR

Instructions for installing Gibson and VR integration on Windows 10.
Assuming a fresh install of Windows.

These instructions partially overlap with installing Gibson
http://svl.stanford.edu/gibson2/docs/installation.html#installation-method 
but are tailored to run the VR components in Windows.


VR Station
==========

Install Steam and Steam VR, connect VR headset and base stations, set up VR room
Run steam performance test.

https://www.vive.com/eu/support/vive/category_howto/setting-up-for-the-first-time.html


Dependencies and environment:
=============================

* git 
https://git-scm.com/download/win

* Python
https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-377/

* Anaconda 
https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section

Make sure anaconda is added to the PATH as follows:
C:\Users\C\anaconda3
C:\Users\C\anaconda3\Scripts
C:\Users\C\anaconda3\Library\bin

Lack of the latter produced the following error:
HTTP 000 CONNECTION FAILED for url <https://repo.anaconda.com/pkgs/main/win-64/current_repodata.json> Elapsed

* Build Tools for Visual Studio:
Microsoft Visual C++ 14.0 is required. Get it with "Build Tools for Visual Studio": 
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/
This is needed for bullet

* cmake:
https://cmake.org/download/
Needed for building MeshRendererContext and Pybind.

* SRAnipal (needed for eye tracking):
https://hub.vive.com/en-US/download

Download the VIVE_SRanipalInstaller msi file and install SRAnipal.

Gibson
======

* Get codebase and assets:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/fxia22/iGibson.git --recursive
$ cd iGibson
$ git checkout vr
$ git submodule update --recursive
```

After this you should have content at:
core/render/glfw
core/render/pybind11
core/render/openvr

Download Gibson assets and copy to iGibson/gibson2/assets/
Download enviroments (scenes) and copy to iGibson/gibson2/assets/dataset

* Create anaconda env:

```
$ conda create -n gibsonvr python=3.6
```
Activate conda env:
```
$ source activate gibsonvr
```

* Install Gibson in anaconda env:
```
$ cd iGibson
```
- If you followed the instructions, iGibson is at the vr branch
```
$ pip install -e .
```

Should end printing 'Successfully installed gibson2'

* Copy dlls into the mesh_renderer/Release folder:
Copy and paste the following dll files into iGibson/gibson2/core/render/mesh_renderer/Release:
1) openvr_api.dll in render/openvr
2) All the dll files in render/sranipal

You can find all the VR demos iGibson/examples/demo

Run:

$ python vr_demo_hand.py (for a scene with an interactive hand)

or 

$ python vr_demo_rs.py (for the current state-of-the-art Gibson graphics)

To see the features of the VR software.

To use the gripper asset featured in the interaction demos, please download the 'gripper' folder at this link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-lHTtUuEgs9zzcievvvVdjHP0BdN7Du4?usp=sharing, and put it in assets/models (wherever your assets folder is).
To use the VR hand asset, please download and unzip the asset and put it into assets/models under the folder name 'vr_hand'.
Link to VR hand: https://drive.google.com/file/d/117qb1r_YHHVdQuwLD83N_nd0la57j9hZ/view?usp=sharing

Have fun in VR!

Helpful tips:
Press ESCAPE to force the fullscreen rendering window to close during program execution.
Before using SRAnipal eye tracking, you may want to re-calibrate the eye tracker. Please go to the Vive system settings to perform this calibration.
